My enterprise is Golfsmith. Golfsmith has many retail stores and an online presence. They sell all golf related goods from clubs, clothes, accessories,
and training aids. All of your golf needs in one place.

DEFINITIONS

ITEM (entity)- an item is general. Example: driver or pitching wedge or t-shirt or pack of golf balls. 
	 an item does not specify brand, model, or any specifics that distinguish it from another item.
	 an item simply has a name (9 iron) and description (individiaul golf club with around 40 degrees of loft)
	 
BRAND (relationship)- a brand represents a company that produces the products and items. A brand usually makes many items.
		      A product can come from many different brands.
		      Brand is a relationship between product and item.
		      A brand will make specific product models.
		      Example of a brand: Callaway

PRODUCT (entity)- a product is a specific item you would find in the store. 
		  Example: Callaway X-20  7 iron
		  Each product has an individual UPC code.
		  Each product has a year that it was manufactured.
		  Each product has a title that labels it to the customers.
		  Each product has a model. Example: X-20 (newer model) vs. X-18 (older model)

STOCK (relationship)- a stock is a relationship between a product and a store.
		      Distinct products will have different stock levels at different stores.
		      A stock has an attached attribute called Location that specifies where in the world this price is offered
		      A stock has a quantity attribute that specifies the quantity on hand
		      Example: UPC 145743904038 has a price of $99 in store #456 with 4 units remaining

STORE (entity)- a store is either a physical location or online site that sells products.
		Each store has a distinct store #, an address, phone #
		It is in a relationship with Stock because each store has its own stock information for products
		Example: Store #304 located at 5 main street with phone #(555)-555-5555

CUSTOMER (entity)- a customer is a distinct individual who has an ID, name, email, address, and membership status
		   Customer is linked with Store because a customer can shop at many stores and a store has many different customers
		   A customer is in a relationship with Purchase. This is used to keep tabs on the customer's purchase history.
		 
PURCHASE (relationship)- a purchase is a relationship between a customer and product.
			 Each purchase is an individual transaction a customer makes.
		         Each purchase has an effect on a customer's rewards
			 Each purchase has a date associated with it
			 Each purchase notes if a coupon was used and for how much it saved the customer

VENDOR (entity)- a vendor is an entity who supplies products to the stores.
		 It is linked with the Brand relationship and the Store entity.
		 A vendor supllies many different brands to many different stores.
		 A vendor has a name, credit, owed (what product a store is owed), and AP (Accounts payable) attribute.
                



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
specialization and genralization using inheritance
change cardinalities
brand as an attribute
cash customers messes problems up since customer would have all null data
customer should be able to see all purchases
reationship needs to link entities
purchase history entity
		 
			